README.md, before:

# Red Cat and Co

# Description
COVID-19 brought swift change to the world. Small business owners felt the intense pressure to adapt. Unable to maintain a storefront appearance due to physical spacing limitations and safety concerns, Red Cat & Co transitioned to a virtual shopping experience with a ’70s vibe to present local small business merchandise in one convenient location all at the click of a button.

This is an interactive MERN stack single page application (SPA) fulfilling client needs for a revamped, versatile website.

![Github license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Resources](#resources)
  * [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
Download a copy of this repo to a directory of your choice. To install, you will need to run `npm i` or `npm install` to get all the dependencies running. Following proper installation of the dependencies, you will type `npm start` on the root directory terminal to start the server.

## Usage
Be sure all repository files were successfully cloned to server and a connection to the database is complete.

Customers will have the ability to create an account through a signup form found on the `Navigation Bar` whereupon users can add items to their cart if so desired. Utilization of the `Navigation Bar` or homepage buttons will help customers select shopping items for purchase. Once items are stored in the cart, customers will be able to checkout via Stripe before being redirected back to the `Red Cat & Co` website. 

Interactive MERN Stack SPA Live Demo: https://mysterious-island-01047.herokuapp.com/

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 1](directory/path)

Upon first glance at the redesigned `Red Cat & Co` website, customers are able to clearly see it's a virtual store for various items. Through ease of responsive taps or clicks, shoppers can peruse the website with the navigation bar or available categories badges listed on the body of the page. Settling on a '70s theme, the design of the website promotes a sense of what the owner achieved with the bus storefront.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 2](directory/path)

When an item is viewed, shoppers have the ability to add it to their cart.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 3](directory/path)

Customers have added incentive to `Create an Account` for checkout purposes with the bonus of retaining their order history and cart information.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 4](directory/path)

Once a customer is ready to complete their retail experience, they can select `Cart` to make final decisions on which items to purchase from their shopping cart. Any unwanted items can be removed from the cart at this time. Customers may also resume their shopping experience at any time should they chose so.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 5](directory/path)

Customers will be able to review items as they checkout with Stripe before entering their payment information. Stripe will handle the transaction and email their receipt. However, items purchased also remain viewable in the customer's profile. Once payment processing concludes, shoppers are redirected to the `Red Cat & Co` website.

## License
![Github license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg) This project is covered by the MIT license.

## Contributing
At this time, we are not seeking contributions to this application for `Red Cat & Co`.

## Resources
[![](demoshots/nodejs.png)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![](demoshots/express.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express)

[![](demoshots/bootstrap.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap) [![](demoshots/apollo.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apollo-server-express)

[![](demoshots/mongodb.png)](http://wwww.mongodb.com/) [![](demoshots/graphql.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphql)

[![](demoshots/styledcomponents.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-components) [![](demoshots/react.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react)

[![](demoshots/reactscripts.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts) [![](demoshots/reactboot.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap)

[![](demoshots/reactrouter.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-dom) [![](demoshots/stripe.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/stripe)

[![](demoshots/heroku.png)](https://www.heroku.com) [![](demoshots/jsonwebtok.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken)

[![](demoshots/mongoose.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongoose)

## Questions
Please contact [Red Cat & Co](https://redcatandco.com/) for immediate questions regarding site content and vendor relations.

[![Red Cat and Co Banner](demoshots/rc-c.png)](https://redcatandco.com/)

The technical questions and concerns, the available developers are 
[GildedRose](https://github.com/GildedRose),
[ericy98](https://github.com/ericy98),
[Devmadia](https://github.com/Devmadia),
[Dblply21](https://github.com/Dblply21).

Commit message:

included details to stop server

README.md, after:

# Red Cat and Co

# Description
COVID-19 brought swift change to the world. Small business owners felt the intense pressure to adapt. Unable to maintain a storefront appearance due to physical spacing limitations and safety concerns, Red Cat & Co transitioned to a virtual shopping experience with a ’70s vibe to present local small business merchandise in one convenient location all at the click of a button.

This is an interactive MERN stack single page application (SPA) fulfilling client needs for a revamped, versatile website.

![Github license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Resources](#resources)
  * [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
Download a copy of this repo to a directory of your choice. To install, you will need to run `npm i` or `npm install` to get all the dependencies running. Following proper installation of the dependencies, you will type `npm start` on the root directory terminal to start the server.

To stop the server you will need to use the existing terminal to execute `CTRL+C` followed by `Y` for confirmation to terminate the connection to localhost.

Please see documentation on your own host's server commands should you run this on a live instance rather than locally.

## Usage
Be sure all repository files were successfully cloned to server and a connection to the database is complete.

Customers will have the ability to create an account through a signup form found on the `Navigation Bar` whereupon users can add items to their cart if so desired. Utilization of the `Navigation Bar` or homepage buttons will help customers select shopping items for purchase. Once items are stored in the cart, customers will be able to checkout via Stripe before being redirected back to the `Red Cat & Co` website. 

Interactive MERN Stack SPA Live Demo: https://mysterious-island-01047.herokuapp.com/

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 1](directory/path)

Upon first glance at the redesigned `Red Cat & Co` website, customers are able to clearly see it's a virtual store for various items. Through ease of responsive taps or clicks, shoppers can peruse the website with the navigation bar or available categories badges listed on the body of the page. Settling on a '70s theme, the design of the website promotes a sense of what the owner achieved with the bus storefront.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 2](directory/path)

When an item is viewed, shoppers have the ability to add it to their cart.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 3](directory/path)

Customers have added incentive to `Create an Account` for checkout purposes with the bonus of retaining their order history and cart information.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 4](directory/path)

Once a customer is ready to complete their retail experience, they can select `Cart` to make final decisions on which items to purchase from their shopping cart. Any unwanted items can be removed from the cart at this time. Customers may also resume their shopping experience at any time should they chose so.

![RedCat&Co Demo Shot 5](directory/path)

Customers will be able to review items as they checkout with Stripe before entering their payment information. Stripe will handle the transaction and email their receipt. However, items purchased also remain viewable in the customer's profile. Once payment processing concludes, shoppers are redirected to the `Red Cat & Co` website.

## License
![Github license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg) This project is covered by the MIT license.

## Contributing
At this time, we are not seeking contributions to this application for `Red Cat & Co`.

## Resources
[![](demoshots/nodejs.png)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![](demoshots/express.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express)

[![](demoshots/bootstrap.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap) [![](demoshots/apollo.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apollo-server-express)

[![](demoshots/mongodb.png)](http://wwww.mongodb.com/) [![](demoshots/graphql.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphql)

[![](demoshots/styledcomponents.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-components) [![](demoshots/react.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react)

[![](demoshots/reactscripts.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts) [![](demoshots/reactboot.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap)

[![](demoshots/reactrouter.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-dom) [![](demoshots/stripe.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/stripe)

[![](demoshots/heroku.png)](https://www.heroku.com) [![](demoshots/jsonwebtok.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken)

[![](demoshots/mongoose.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongoose)

## Questions
Please contact [Red Cat & Co](https://redcatandco.com/) for immediate questions regarding site content and vendor relations.

[![Red Cat and Co Banner](demoshots/rc-c.png)](https://redcatandco.com/)

The technical questions and concerns, the available developers are 
[GildedRose](https://github.com/GildedRose),
[ericy98](https://github.com/ericy98),
[Devmadia](https://github.com/Devmadia),
[Dblply21](https://github.com/Dblply21).
